[16.0] [MIG] partner statement (#1100)
OCA/account-financial-reporting: partner_statement/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

Users willing to access to this report should have proper Accounting & Finance rights:

#. Go to *Settings / Users* and edit your user to add the corresponding access rights as follows.

> #. In *Application / Accounting & Finance*, select *Billing* or *Billing Manager*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. In *Access Rights/ Accounting / Invoicing*, select *Billing* or *Billing Administrator*
```
